Add MC 5.7.0 release notes (#435)
hazelcast/management-center-docs: docs/modules/release-notes/pages/5-7-0.adoc

= 5.7.0 Release Notes

> :description: These release notes list any new features, enhancements, fixes, and breaking changes implemented in this release of Hazelcast Management Center (MC).

Reviewer: We either need to come back to that 'between versions' discussion or just make them match

> :description: These release notes list any new features, enhancements, fixes, and breaking changes implemented in this release of Hazelcast Management Center (MC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: These release notes list any new features, enhancements, fixes, and breaking changes implemented between version 5.6.0 and version 5.7.0 of Hazelcast Management Center (MC).
```

{description}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For help downloading Hazelcast Management Center, see xref:getting-started:install.adoc[].

```

> == New features

Reviewer: Can you do an MC equivalent of the text I did for Platform between description and New features?

{description}

== New features

* *Updated Prometheus metrics format*: The Prometheus Exporter now adheres more closely to Prometheus best practices while preserving backward compatibility. This update improves metrics format for Lists, Sets, and Maps. To prevent breaking changes in existing implementations, both the new and old Prometheus metrics formats are available. See xref:integrate:prometheus-metrics.adoc[].

> // For more information about new features, see xref:ROOT:whats-new.adoc[].

Reviewer: Did you mean to leave this commented out? 
Think we have to discuss the What's New topic...
